.Dd May 22, 2012
.Dt JBOT 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm jbot
.Nd just a bunch of tweets (a twitter bot)
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl dfhv
.Op Fl u Ar user
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a simplistic twitter bot intended to provide random snide remarks and
occasional helpful responses to certain known commands.
In order to generate such responses, it may poll a number of different
websites or run certain commands.
All responses or output is manifested as twitter messages for the given
user account (or the default account '@realjbot').
.Sh OPTIONS
The following options are supported by
.Nm :
.Bl -tag -width u_user_
.It Fl d
Enable debugging.
Any messages generated will be printed to STDERR instead of being tweeted.
.It Fl f
Force certain things (such as unfollowing large numbers of people).
.It Fl h
Print a short usage statement and exit.
.It Fl u Ar user
Pretend to be the given user.
.It Fl v
Increase verbosity.
.El
.Sh DETAILS
.Nm
searches for messages that mention its name.
If it finds any such message, it may parse the message for specific
keywords or triggers and act on them.
In addition,
.Nm
will 'follow' every user who follows it, which enables it to reply with
possibly snide commentary on anything those users are twittering.
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std
.Sh HISTORY
.Nm
was originally written by
.An Jan Schaumann
.Aq jschauma@netmeister.org
as an IRC bot used at Yahoo! for general entertainment.
Porting
.Nm
to twitter started in March 2011 upon popular request.
.Sh BUGS
.Nm
may at times be rate-throttled.
To try to avoid this, it currently runs only every couple of minutes.
.Pp
Please report bugs and feature requests to the author.
